turn on mihudie BankOfDudley card
fix PayPal mihudie and shellshadow accounts.  might need cc info updated
fix BoD personal debit card.

fix Georgia corp registration.  need to pay 
sign up for braintree - CC and PayPal.  test from China.
fix paypal mihudie account.  need to find mihudie EIN.  get files from backup disks
find solution for Alipay

AMAZON order QC25 - send email to Sree Monday AM.  Call UPS to get redelivered.

DONE nginx logs should be seperate for mihudie and shellshadow.  added mihudie.access.log. and mihudie.error.log.  shellshadow logs go to normal access.log and error.log

use suckerpunch instead of sidekiq
record suckerpunch email sends so I can verify the integrity of the backround processes.

finish all user & password behavior

DONE if User has a bad cookie, remove the cookie.  Test case:  I'm an admin user and login as myself.  I go to the admin page to remove myself.  After removing, I get redirected to the home page.  My cookie should get deleted when the home page renders as it contains an invalid user id.

create admin page so Fly can update css on lin1

see nginx error.log.  when passenger starts, ssh-keychain causes an error.

optimize: _book.html.haml can use a pre-rendered <li>.  store it in book data just like genre_tags_pp

setup awstats...install, setup processing prior to nginx logrotate, auto-create reports.  see if old us1 and lin1 data can be brought in.  maybe its easier to segment the old data and keep them as archives.
awstats config to exclude scoutapp and uptimerobot.

setup exception_notificaion test.
  see if we can write exceptions to file and have scout pick them up.  

setup rails logrotate.  ensure it works right with scout processing

Scout Mongodb plugin reporting size of storage around 400mb, but he files in /var/lib/mongodb are over 1G.  Send support email.

Scout Rails plugin is properly triggering alert when over 500 request/minute.  But when I go to the web console, the history shows almost nothing.  I don't see the spike.

setup mina for more reliable deploys

setup tarsnap on vr1

sitemap.xml script

new model: user gets 2 weeks to the backyard free on registration.  after register tell user they must verify their email to get their referral code.  use referral link to get a friend to register.  friend gets 2 weeks free and referee get another month free.  User can buy one year access to mihudie backyard for $9.95...no recurring fees.

DONE turn off redis-server on dev


#setup sidekiq and redis
#test email with sidekiq
#setup redis logrotate
#setup sidekiq logrotate

try http://emailtosms.com for a low cost email2sms service with Scoutapp

cleanup email TODOs

email Wiley Stuckey
see about NZ telecom HR director.  See if he's the same guy I met
email Aaron Bellingham
email Richard Vaughan with updated cv
email Rowan's friend
email Nick
email Andrew Morrow
send cv to trademe saved jobs


DONE - Its set to Weekly, not daily. ;) find out why nginx log don't seem to rotate

DONE remove old bitbucket rsa key.  new key is bitbucket_jhancock
DONE find solution for NTP clock drift.  What is resyncing effect on mongodb?

DONE setup vr.org vm in HK
	setup vr1.mihudie.com and include basic http auth
DONE come up with solution for storing passwords, API keys out of git
DONE add mandrill
DONE add ENV vars to .bashrc and test.
DONE move ENV vars to ~/.rails_env
DONE create admin page to delete a user, so I can re-register.
DONE create scripts to GRANT/REVOKE admin
DONE get rid of login-help link at top.  only need login, register || account, logout

DONE send Fly notes on UX.  Set a date for v1
DONE 2 more namecheap emails to confirm
DONE meet Julian/Fly Wednesday lunch
DONE move mihudie.com DNS from linode to namecheap
	DONE verify critsend DKIM and SPF
HOLD move shellshadow email to fastmail.fm
DONE setup tarsnap on vr1 - backup ss archives
DONE turn off us1
DONE check other DNS records at m5hosting.  move any to namecheap.
DONE handle Merb::Config[:mihudie][:suppress_tags] in public lists
DONE setup shellshadow static site under nginx on vr1.  ensure all assets are archived on vr1.
DONE remove shellshadow.com from air /etc/hosts
DONE put shellshadow code on bitbucket.
DONE move shellshadow.com DNS from m5hosting to namecheap

