scss needs variables everywhere

when done, see if we can write the js without jquery.  

need styles for flash: notice, success, error

see register form.  link to area with message for terms of service needs better top/bottom margins

header
  area with logo, login and search should be in menu bar.  No need for two lines
	
  search button.  when width is narrow on desktop, there needs to be a margin on the right of the button.

  don't want categories in main area.  Would like to see sidebar similar to old site.

  logout link in menu bar if not mobile

btn styles should be button.
btn btn-warning
  lets find another name beside warning for a secondary option.  We do want a warning button though!
button use for next and previous chapters need work
Why do I need to specify btn and btn-primary?  Should be just button-primary

ipt-text need better name
  lets assume any text field is in a form and has style of ipt-text.  should not have to set class.

need pagination styling
should put pagination at top and bottom for mobile so user doesdn't have to scroll too much.
maybe pagination on mobile should hide numbered pages and only show prev, next, first, last?

need theme menu item in sub-menu bar.  should display similar to catgories.
  for not mobile, when in reading mode, theme setting link should be in main menu.

three font sizes.  small medium large.  6 themes.  Other fonts in the system should change depending on user's choice of small medium large.

reading mode needs better line spacing.  probably need better line spacing everywhere.

need footer styles

book list used to have meta-data of title, data-summary, data-tags, data-chars.  Which of these is good for SEO?

detail-span needs styling for tags and #chars area.
  using strong now.  maybe need custom styling.  also need a bit of line spacing above

sometime when I select a book on mobile and the div expands, the top of the ares of off screen.  Is there an easy way to get the top to scroll in a better position?

main div should be called main with role main

boo-show => book-show
  this style does not seem to be in the css.  What is it doing?
